shadow cabinet ministers brand industry leaders as members of the ' 1 % '
lord prescott suggests they are ' tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms '
one of them , diageo boss paul walsh , ' should no longer take over at cbi '
103 corporate leaders declared government ' has been good for business '
in september 2011 , miliband marks his first year as labour leader by threatening a more punitive system of tax and regulation for businesses that he considers to be ‘ predators ’ who are ‘ just interested in the fast buck ’ .
the iod says : ‘ we would like to know how he plans to identify and reward “ good ” companies over “ bad ” ones . he should have more faith in customers and investors to decide ’ .
in his 2013 conference speech he pledges an incoming labour government would freeze gas and electricity bills for 20 months .
power firms say it will deter investment in much needed infrastructure . energy britain says the policy risks making ‘ energy shortages a reality , pushing up the prices for everyone ’ .
also that month miliband announces councils should be allowed to fine developers if they acquire land with planning permission but do not build on it immediately . town halls would also be able to buy and grant planning permission on land held by developers .
the iod says the ‘ use it or lose it ’ declaration is a ‘ stalinist attack on property rights ’ . the home builders federation says it ‘ completely rejects ’ the idea land is being hoarded .
in january 2014 , labour vows it will reverse george osborne ’s cut in the 50p rate of tax for anyone earning more than £ 150,000 – which , with disingenuous class war rhetoric , it dubs a ‘ tax cut for millionaires ’ .
in a letter , the heads of 24 of britain ’s most successful companies say this would put the economic recovery at risk .
in september 2014 labour pledges to reverse a 1p cut in corporation tax .
the iod hits back : ‘ it ’s a dangerous move for labour to risk our business - friendly environment in this way . ’
in february miliband and his supporters turn on boots chief executive pessina when he dares to say he fears labour ’s business policies will be a catastrophe . pessina is labelled a tax avoider from monaco .
appalled business chiefs accuse the labour leader of ‘ playing the man not the ball ’ .